index.md, before:

MIPT-MIPS is a pre-silicon simulator of MIPS CPU. It is able to measure _performance_ of program running on CPU, thus taking best features of RTL and common functional simulation.

This project is a part of [MIPT ILab](https://mipt-ilab.github.io/) activity at [Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology](http://phystech.edu/) (MIPT).
The project is being developed by a group of students under the guidance of Intel employees.
Additionally, MIPT-MIPS is a supporting project to MIPT lectures on Computer Architecture and Software Development courses.

Lectures and seminars are delivered each Wednesday 17:05, room 108 of RT building.

## Computer Architecture

Date | Event name
:----: | ----------------------------
13 Sep | **Promotion event**<br/> • Slides: [russian version](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/ca-lectures/blob/master/mipt-mips/2018/Promotion.pptx?raw=true)
19 Sep | **Layers of Computer Science, ISA and uArch**<br/> • Slides: [L1](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/ca-lectures/blob/master/mipt-mips/2018/Lecture%201%20-%20Layers%20of%20Computer%20Science.pptx?raw=true)
03 Oct | **CMOS and Combinational Circuits**<br/> • Slides: [L2 - CMOS](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/ca-lectures/blob/master/mipt-mips/2018/Lecture%202%20-%20Integrated%20Circuits%20Basics.pptx?raw=true), [L3 - Combinational Circuits](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/ca-lectures/blob/master/mipt-mips/2018/Lecture%203%20-%20Combinational%20Circuits.pptx?raw=true)  <br/> • [YouTube](https://youtu.be/zDldV01U5MQ) <br/> • Homework: Install [Logisim](http://www.cburch.com/logisim/index.html) and look inside [ALU](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/ca-lectures/blob/master/logisim/alu.circ) and [CMOS](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/ca-lectures/blob/master/logisim/cmos.circ) examples.
17 Oct | **Sequential Circuits**

Instructions to use downloaded material can be found on [wiki page](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/wiki/Instructions-to-use-downloaded-lectures).
You may find lectures of previous year [in our archive](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/wiki/Lectures-on-Computer-Architecture-in-2017).

## Software Development

Date | Event name
:----: | ----------------------------
13 Sep | **Promotion event**<br/> • Slides: [russian version](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/ca-lectures/blob/master/mipt-mips/2018/Promotion.pptx?raw=true)
26 Sep | **Version control system**<br/> • [Slides](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/sd-lectures/blob/master/mipt-mips/2018/Lecture%201%20-%20Introduction.%20Version%20Control%20System.pptx?raw=true), [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HOeMi9dRD58)<br/> • Homework: read our [our cheat sheet](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/wiki/Git-&-GitHub-cheat-sheet) and contribute to members.md<br/> • Further reading: *Pro Git* ([Rus](https://git-scm.com/book/ru/v2), [Eng](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2)), *Git Flight Rules* ([Rus](https://github.com/k88hudson/git-flight-rules/blob/master/README_ru.md), [Eng](https://github.com/k88hudson/git-flight-rules))
10 Oct | **Build, Makefiles, and CMake**
24 Oct | **Continuous Integration**

In addition, repository contains a lot of useful [Wiki manuals](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/wiki) about Git, MIPS, C++, Make utilites and so on.

## Students Contribution Score

MIPT | Name | Score | Comments
:----: |:----: | ------------------------------ | ------------------------------
611 | Denis Los | 19 | [#98](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/98), [#99](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/99), [#77](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/77), [#221](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/221), [#225](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/225), [#221](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/221), [#70](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/70), [#31](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/31), [#20](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/20) |
618 | Alexander Misevich | 13 | [#37](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/37), [#216](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/216), [#201](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/201), [#246](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/246), [#124](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/124), [#18](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/18), [#283](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/283), [#277](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/277) |
512 | George Korepanov | 12 | [#28](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/28), [#48](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/48), [#49](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/49), [#26](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/26), [#60](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/60), [#45](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/45), [#73](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/73) |
616 | Kirill Nedostoev | 9 | [#147](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/147), [#87](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/87), [#93](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/93), [#215](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/215), [#214](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/214) |
616 | Alexander Timofeev | 5 | [#69](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/69), [#132](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/132), [#215](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/215), [#214](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/214) |
616 | Konstantin Soshin | 5 | [#165](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/165) |
**71x** | **Yan Logovskiy** | **4** | **[#92](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/92), [⅓#383](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/383)**, **[#506](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/506)** |
616 | Andrew Sultan | 4 | [#282](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/282), [#132](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/132) |
518 | Alexander Seppar | 4 | [fc526cb8](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/ca-lectures/commit/fc526cb8f59bc6d9a399f453b417afc45c21012e), [#25](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/25), [#52](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/52) |
614 | Alexey Steksov | 3 | [#152](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/152), [T#3](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mips-traces/issues/3) |
**711** | **Vyacheslav Kompan** | **2** | **[#354](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/354)** |
612 | Danil Yarovoy | 2 | [T#4](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mips-traces/issues/4) |
516 | Ivan Korostelev | 1 | [#32](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/32) |

List of [Upcoming contributuions](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/assigned/*)

## About us

The project is mentored by [Igor Smirnov](https://github.com/igorsmir-ilab), [Kirill Korolev](https://github.com/kkorolev), and [Oleg Ladin](https://github.com/olegladin) under [Pavel Kryukov](https://github.com/pavelkryukov)'s supervising. For more information, check [this wiki page](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/wiki/About-Us) and [MIPT ILab site](https://mipt.ru/drec/about/ilab/)

Additional repositories:
* [MIPS traces](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mips-traces)
* [Lectures storage](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/ca-lectures)
* [MIPSim GDB](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-sim-gdb)
* [MIPS-MIPS-CEN64](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/cen64)
* _[Branches imported from GoogleCode SVN](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips-old-branches)_
* _[MSVC-compatible LibELF](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/libelf)_

Commit message:

Add homework for the next lecture (#629)
Actual purpose of the commit was CI flow test

index.md, after:

MIPT-MIPS is a pre-silicon simulator of MIPS CPU. It is able to measure _performance_ of program running on CPU, thus taking best features of RTL and common functional simulation.

This project is a part of [MIPT ILab](https://mipt-ilab.github.io/) activity at [Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology](http://phystech.edu/) (MIPT).
The project is being developed by a group of students under the guidance of Intel employees.
Additionally, MIPT-MIPS is a supporting project to MIPT lectures on Computer Architecture and Software Development courses.

Lectures and seminars are delivered each Wednesday 17:05, room 108 of RT building.

## Computer Architecture

Date | Event name
:----: | ----------------------------
13 Sep | **Promotion event**<br/> • Slides: [russian version](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/ca-lectures/blob/master/mipt-mips/2018/Promotion.pptx?raw=true)
19 Sep | **Layers of Computer Science, ISA and uArch**<br/> • Slides: [L1](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/ca-lectures/blob/master/mipt-mips/2018/Lecture%201%20-%20Layers%20of%20Computer%20Science.pptx?raw=true)
03 Oct | **CMOS and Combinational Circuits**<br/> • Slides: [L2 - CMOS](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/ca-lectures/blob/master/mipt-mips/2018/Lecture%202%20-%20Integrated%20Circuits%20Basics.pptx?raw=true), [L3 - Combinational Circuits](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/ca-lectures/blob/master/mipt-mips/2018/Lecture%203%20-%20Combinational%20Circuits.pptx?raw=true)  <br/> • [YouTube](https://youtu.be/zDldV01U5MQ) <br/> • Homework: Install [Logisim](http://www.cburch.com/logisim/index.html) and look inside [ALU](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/ca-lectures/blob/master/logisim/alu.circ) and [CMOS](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/ca-lectures/blob/master/logisim/cmos.circ) examples.
17 Oct | **Sequential Circuits**

Instructions to use downloaded material can be found on [wiki page](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/wiki/Instructions-to-use-downloaded-lectures).
You may find lectures of previous year [in our archive](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/wiki/Lectures-on-Computer-Architecture-in-2017).

## Software Development

Date | Event name
:----: | ----------------------------
13 Sep | **Promotion event**<br/> • Slides: [russian version](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/ca-lectures/blob/master/mipt-mips/2018/Promotion.pptx?raw=true)
26 Sep | **Version control system**<br/> • [Slides](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/sd-lectures/blob/master/mipt-mips/2018/Lecture%201%20-%20Introduction.%20Version%20Control%20System.pptx?raw=true), [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HOeMi9dRD58)<br/> • Homework: read our [our cheat sheet](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/wiki/Git-&-GitHub-cheat-sheet) and contribute to members.md<br/> • Further reading: *Pro Git* ([Rus](https://git-scm.com/book/ru/v2), [Eng](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2)), *Git Flight Rules* ([Rus](https://github.com/k88hudson/git-flight-rules/blob/master/README_ru.md), [Eng](https://github.com/k88hudson/git-flight-rules))
10 Oct | **Build, Makefiles, and CMake**<br/> • Slides<br/> • Homework: use Make or CMake to build your project, build MIPT-MIPS.
24 Oct | **Continuous Integration**

In addition, repository contains a lot of useful [Wiki manuals](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/wiki) about Git, MIPS, C++, Make utilites and so on.

## Students Contribution Score

MIPT | Name | Score | Comments
:----: |:----: | ------------------------------ | ------------------------------
611 | Denis Los | 19 | [#98](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/98), [#99](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/99), [#77](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/77), [#221](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/221), [#225](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/225), [#221](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/221), [#70](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/70), [#31](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/31), [#20](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/20) |
618 | Alexander Misevich | 13 | [#37](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/37), [#216](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/216), [#201](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/201), [#246](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/246), [#124](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/124), [#18](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/18), [#283](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/283), [#277](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/277) |
512 | George Korepanov | 12 | [#28](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/28), [#48](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/48), [#49](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/49), [#26](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/26), [#60](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/60), [#45](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/45), [#73](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/73) |
616 | Kirill Nedostoev | 9 | [#147](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/147), [#87](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/87), [#93](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/93), [#215](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/215), [#214](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/214) |
616 | Alexander Timofeev | 5 | [#69](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/69), [#132](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/132), [#215](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/215), [#214](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/214) |
616 | Konstantin Soshin | 5 | [#165](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/165) |
**71x** | **Yan Logovskiy** | **4** | **[#92](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/92), [⅓#383](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/383)**, **[#506](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/506)** |
616 | Andrew Sultan | 4 | [#282](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/282), [#132](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/132) |
518 | Alexander Seppar | 4 | [fc526cb8](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/ca-lectures/commit/fc526cb8f59bc6d9a399f453b417afc45c21012e), [#25](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/25), [#52](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/52) |
614 | Alexey Steksov | 3 | [#152](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/152), [T#3](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mips-traces/issues/3) |
**711** | **Vyacheslav Kompan** | **2** | **[#354](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/354)** |
612 | Danil Yarovoy | 2 | [T#4](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mips-traces/issues/4) |
516 | Ivan Korostelev | 1 | [#32](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/32) |

List of [Upcoming contributuions](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/issues/assigned/*)

## About us

The project is mentored by [Igor Smirnov](https://github.com/igorsmir-ilab), [Kirill Korolev](https://github.com/kkorolev), and [Oleg Ladin](https://github.com/olegladin) under [Pavel Kryukov](https://github.com/pavelkryukov)'s supervising. For more information, check [this wiki page](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips/wiki/About-Us) and [MIPT ILab site](https://mipt.ru/drec/about/ilab/)

Additional repositories:
* [MIPS traces](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mips-traces)
* [Lectures storage](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/ca-lectures)
* [MIPSim GDB](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-sim-gdb)
* [MIPS-MIPS-CEN64](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/cen64)
* _[Branches imported from GoogleCode SVN](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/mipt-mips-old-branches)_
* _[MSVC-compatible LibELF](https://github.com/MIPT-ILab/libelf)_
